clarify community badge procedures, closes #1 (#2)
introcompsys/fall2023: syllabus/grading.md

You can earn community badges by: 
- fixing small issues on the course website (during penalty free zone only)
- contributing extra terms or reviews to your team repo 
- sharing articles and discussing them in the course discussions 
- contributing annotated resources the course website 

> You will maintain a list of your contributions in your KWL repo in the `community_contributions.md` file. All changes to this file should be submitted as a PR, with a review requested from @brownsarahm. 

Reviewer: You will maintain a list of your contributions in your KWL repo in the community_contributions.md file. Every individual change to this file (representing one contribution) should be commited to a new branch and then submitted as a PR, with a review requested from @brownsarahm.

Author: You can make this a suggestion using the add a suggestion button ()
![an icon a page with +- on it](https://github.com/introcompsys/fall2023/assets/10656079/747b2cfb-7f5e-486d-a945-2b459ce49ece)

(using that feature is the second badge worthy actitivy)

> You will maintain a list of your contributions in your KWL repo in the `community_contributions.md` file. All changes to this file should be submitted as a PR, with a review requested from @brownsarahm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will maintain a list of your contributions in your KWL repo in the `community_contributions.md` file. Every individual change to this file (representing one contribution) should be commited to a new branch and then submitted as a PR, with a review requested from @brownsarahm.
```
This might make it less vague. :)
